Correct the 'Writing Pact tests' section & add 'Updating' section (#2989)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/pact-broker.html.md

1. Write the provider pact ([example](https://github.com/alphagov/frontend/pull/2643)).
  - You'll need to write these two in conjunction with each other.
1. Merge both of the above PRs.

> 1. Configure the provider to test against the `master` consumer as part of its deployment pipeline ([example](https://github.com/alphagov/frontend/pull/2644)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the provider to test against the default branch of the consumer as part of its deployment pipeline ([example](https://github.com/alphagov/frontend/pull/2644)).
```

Just to save us having to change this in the future - what do you think?
